All dwarfs are bastards in their father’s eyes.
What joy to be a dwarf.
I was born. I lived. I am guilty of being a dwarf, I confess it. And no matter how many times my good father forgave me, I have persisted in my infamy.
Whatever you wear, you’re still a dwarf.You’ll never be as tall as that knight on the steps, him with his long straight legs and hard stomach and wide manly shoulders.
I have been called many things, but giant is seldom one of them.
The only thing more pitiful than a dwarf without a nose is a dwarf without a nose who has no gold.
Pissing is the least of my talents.You ought to see me shit.
No one fears a dwarf.
All dwarfs may be bastards, yet not all bastards need be dwarfs.
I’m short, not blind.
Do you think I might stand taller in black?
I am malformed, scarred, and small,but … abed, when the candles are blown out,I am made no worse than other men. In the dark, I am the Knight of Flowers.
Dwarfs are a jape of the gods, but men make eunuchs.
They say I’m half a man. What does that make the lot of you?
I have a tender spot in my heart for cripples and bastards and broken things.
The gods must have been drunk when they got to me.
I only need half my wits to be a match for you.
I had dreamt enough for one small life. And of such follies: love, justice, friendship, glory.As well dream of being tall.
It may be good luck to rub the head of a dwarf, but it is even better luck to suck on a dwarf’s cock.
My mind is my weapon. My brother has his sword, King Robert has his warhammer, and I have my mind … and a mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone if it is to keep its edge.
Duck has his sword, I my quill and parchment.
When you tear out a man’s tongue, you are not proving him a liar, you’re only telling the world that you fear what he might say.
Sleep is good. And books are better.
Let them see that their words can cut you,and you’ll never be free of the mockery. If they want to give you a name, take it, make it your own. Then they can’t hurt you with it anymore.
Guard your tongue before it digs your grave.
Words are wind.
Shy maids are my favorite sort. Aside from wanton ones … but sometimes the ugliest ones are the hungriest once abed.
My own father could not love me. Why would you if not for gold?
A man grows weary of having no lovers but his fingers.
I plant my little seeds just as often as I can.
With whores, the young ones smell much better, but the old ones know more tricks.
I would prefer a whore who is reasonably young,with as pretty a face as you can find.If she has washed sometime this year, I shall be glad. If she hasn’t, wash her.
Sleep with Lollys? I’d sooner cut it off and feed it to the goats.
Your Grace, if you take my tongue, you will leave me no way at all to pleasure this sweet wife you gave me.
A dwarf’s cock has magical powers.
A Lannister always pays his debts.
I never bet against my family.
Hard hands and no sense of humor makes for a bad marriage.
I should say something, but what? Pardon me, Father, but it’s our brother she wants to marry.
My sister has mistaken me for a mushroom.She keeps me in the dark and feeds me shit.
Kinslaying is dry work. It gives a man a thirst.
Have no fear, I won’t kill you, you are no kin of mine.
The man who kills his own blood is cursed forever in the sight of gods and men.
I learned long ago that it is considered rude to vomit on your brother.
Kinslaying was not enough, I needed a cunt and wine to seal my ruin.
I have never liked you, Cersei, but you were my own sister, so I never did you harm.You’ve ended that. I will hurt you for this. I don’t know how yet, but give me time. A day will come when you think you are safe and happy, and suddenly your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth, and you’ll know the debt is paid.
The gods are blind.And men see only what they wish.
Why is it that when one man builds a wall,the next man immediately needs to know what’s on the other side?
I think life is a jape.Yours, mine, everyone’s.
There has never been a slave who did not choose to be a slave. Their choice may be between bondage and death, but the choice is always there.
Death is so terribly final, while life is full of possibilities.
An honest kiss, a little kindness, everyone deserves that much, however big or small.
Every fool loves to hear that he’s important.
Never forget who you are, for surely the world will not. Make it your strength. Then it can never be your weakness. Armor yourself in it, and it will never be used to hurt you.
A little honest loathing might be refreshing,like a tart wine after too much sweet.
We all need to be mocked from time to time,lest we start to take ourselves too seriously.
Men are such faithless creatures.
Age makes ruins of us all.
We are all going to die.
Never believe anything you hear in a song.
I have killed mothers, fathers, nephews, lovers, men and women, kings and whores. A singer once annoyed me, so I had the bastard stewed.
If I am ever Hand again, the first thing I’ll do is hang all the singers.
I’ve heard the food in hell is wretched.
I am not fond of eating horse.Particularly my horse.
Being randy is the next best thing to being drunk.
Do I really want to spend the rest of my life eating salt beef and porridge with murderers and thieves?
Someone should tell the cooks that turnip isn’t a meat.
If I drink enough fire wine perhaps I’ll dream of dragons.
All sorts of people are calling themselves kings these days.
My nephew is not fit to sit a privy, let alone the Iron Throne.
Crowns do queer things to the heads beneath them.
Kings are falling like leaves this autumn.
Some allies are more dangerous than enemies.
You can buy a man with gold, but only blood and steel will keep him true.
Schemes are like fruit, they require a certain ripening.
It all goes back and back, to our mothers and fathers and theirs before them. We are puppets dancing on the strings of those who came before us, and one day our own children will take up our strings and dance in our steads.
Rebellion makes for queer bedfellows.
When winter comes, the realm will starve.
Gold has its uses, but wars are won with iron.
I sit a chair better than a horse, and I’d sooner hold a wine goblet than a battle-axe. All that about the thunder of the drums, sunlight flashing on armor, magnificent destriers snorting and prancing? Well, the drums gave me headaches, the sunlight flashing on my armor cooked me up like a harvest day goose, and those magnificent destriers shit everywhere.
How many Dornishmen does it take to start a war? Only one.
Knights know only one way to solve a problem. They couch their lances and charge. A dwarf has a different way of looking at the world.
He’s going to be as useful as nipples on a breastplate.
If a man paints a target on his chest, he should expect that sooner or later someone will loose an arrow at him.
A sword through the bowels.A sure cure for constipation.
Men fight more fiercely for a king who shares their peril than one who hides behind his mother’s skirts.
That was the way of war. The smallfolk were slaughtered, while highborn were held for ransom. Remind me to thank the gods that I was born a Lannister.
Courage and folly are cousins, or so I’ve heard.
I’m terrified of my enemies, so I kill them all.
All this mistrust will sour your stomach and keep you awake at night, ’tis true, but better that than the long sleep that does not end.
I decline to deliver any message that might get me killed.
Riding hard and fast by night is a sure way to tumble down a mountain and crack your skull.
Give me sweet lies, and keep your bitter truths.
How did I lose my nose? I shoved it up your wife’s cunt and she bit it off.
Half-truths are worth more than outright lies.
My father threw me down a well the day I was born, but I was so ugly that the water witch who lived down there spat me back.
The best lies are seasoned with a bit of truth.
My mother loved me best of all her children because I was so small. She nursed me at her breast till I was seven. That made my brothers jealous, so they stuffed me in a sack and sold me to a mummer’s troupe. When I tried to run off the master mummer cut off half my nose, so I had no choice but to go with them and learn to be amusing.
The sow I ride is actually my sister. We have the same nose, could you tell? A wizard cast a spell on her, but if you give her a big wet kiss, she’ll turn into a beautiful woman. The
pity is, once you get to know her, you’ll want to kiss her again to turn her back.
Every touch a lie. I have paid her so much false coin that she half thinks she’s rich.
You’d be astonished at what a boy can make of a few lies, fifty pieces of silver, and a drunken septon.
I believe in steel swords, gold coins, and men’s wits. And I believe there once were dragons.
What if we should find that this talk of dragons was just some sailor’s drunken fancy? This wide world is full of such mad tales. Grumkins and snarks, ghosts and ghouls, mermaids, rock goblins, winged horses, winged pigs, winged lions.
Next you will be offering me a suit of magic armor and a palace in Valyria.
Even a stunted, twisted, ugly little boy can look down over the world when he’s seated on a dragon’s back.
Once a man has seen a dragon in flight, let him stay home and tend his garden in content, for this wide world has no greater wonder.
If you want to conquer the world, you best have dragons.
The Shrouded Lord is just a legend, no more real than the ghost of Lann the Clever that some claim haunts Casterley Rock.
Trust no one. And keep your dragon close.
What sort of gods make rats and plagues and dwarfs?
When I was a boy, my wet nurse told me that one day, if men were good, the gods would give the world a summer without ending.
Light our fire and protect us from the dark, blah blah, light our way and keep us toasty warm, the night is dark and full of terrors, save us from the scary things, and blah blah blah some more.
Somewhere some god is laughing.
If there are gods to listen, they are monstrous gods, who torment us for their sport.Who else would make a world like this, so full of bondage, blood, and pain?
The gods give with one hand and take with the other.
If I could pray with my cock, I would be much more religious.

